# Why-we-Need-Bicycles
In the event of advancing towards reduction of GHG emissions and promoting the use of green energy and besides just riding them, we intend to also improve the safety our bicycles from the being stolen by installing a tracking device and locking system.
Based on a research on the countries with most bicycles, Norway is anmong the top 5 countries using bicycles. There are more than a billion bicycles in the world, twice as many as automobiles. In recent years bike production had climbed to over 100 million per year (compared to 50 million cars). Bicycles were introduced in the 19th century and since when have been and are employed for many uses: recreation, work, military, show, sport etc. For example in the USA, people use bikes for slimming and better feeling because cycling burns 600 calories an hour, but in China or other countries people use bikes mostly for transportation needs. For these reasons in some countries bikes are especially popular. There are top 10 countries with most bicycles per capita:(http://top10hell.com/top-10-countries-with-most-bicycles-per-capita/).
The above mentioned research also mentions that, "In Norway 4% of all trips are made by bike. In Norway, with a population of 4,943 million people and 3 million bicycles, 60.000 bicycles disappear each year, never to be seen by their owners again.Most bicycles are stolen from places owners assume are safe. Experienced thieves can take even locked bikes in about 10-20 seconds.On the streets, the value of a stolen bicycle is approximately 5-10% of the bicycle’s original retail value, with an inverse relationship between value and percentage worth on the street. About 10% of the stolen bicycles are exported to Russia and Eastern Europe."
